_missions/bethany-christian-trust.md, before:

---
title:  "Bethany Christian Trust"
link: 'https://www.bethanychristiantrust.com/ '
logo: ''
country: 'GB'
date: 2021-03-17
---
A national charity whose mission is to relieve the suffering and meet the long term needs of homeless and vulnerable people in Scotland.

Bethany supports almost 7,000 people a year across Scotland, including, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Bathgate, Dundee,  Aberdeen, Dumfries and Fife.

It’s integrated approach consists of 3 core-streams of life-changing services: Homelessness Prevention, Crisis Intervention and Housing & Support.

Community Support and Development projects are tailored to local needs and work in partnership with churches to empower people to strengthen their communities to prevent homelessness.

The emergency ‘Welcome Centre’ in a Haymarket Hotel is being well-used. Please pray for safety for all using it and those working there. Bethany have exciting plans to expand their work in Aberdeen and Inverness and are exploring other locations. Those working on the vans have distributed 12,000 packs of food and toiletries in the Lothians area. In the light of the Covid restrictions, people are being asked to take part in The Big Sleep Out on March 19th in their own gardens, or in a shelter inside the house.

Commit message:

Mar Mid Month Update
Mission update
Book Review
Home Page Update

_missions/bethany-christian-trust.md, after:

---
title:  "Bethany Christian Trust"
link: 'https://www.bethanychristiantrust.com/ '
logo: ''
country: 'GB'
date: 2021-04-21
---
Sleep Out.  Bethany is grateful for all who took part in the Big Sleep Out, which this year became Sleep Out at Home and raised £23,633.

Dundee Community Embraces the Arts with Bethany Christian Trust. In Dundee, Textile Artist Rhona Jack, Photographer Clara Menzies and Street Artist C. Gull will be running workshops for local residents to get involved in and created some exciting artworks for the whole community to enjoy.

**Pray** for Bethany’s Connect to Community initiative – a service that helps those facing homelessness when leaving prison.
A national charity whose mission is to relieve the suffering and meet the long term needs of homeless and vulnerable people in Scotland.

Bethany supports almost 7,000 people a year across Scotland, including, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Bathgate, Dundee,  Aberdeen, Dumfries and Fife.

It’s integrated approach consists of 3 core-streams of life-changing services: Homelessness Prevention, Crisis Intervention and Housing & Support.

Community Support and Development projects are tailored to local needs and work in partnership with churches to empower people to strengthen their communities to prevent homelessness.
