_missions/bms.md, before:

---
title:  "Baptist Missionary Society (BMS)"
link: 'https://bmsworldmission.org '
logo: ''
country: 'PE,UG,IN'
date: 2021-03-17
---
‘BMS works among some of the most marginalised and least evangelised people, in some of the most fragile places on earth.  They aim to bring life in all its fullness through 7 key ministries: church, development, education, health, justice, leadership and relief’.

In **Uganda**, where there has been devastating deforestation over the past 25 years, BMS is preparing to begin a new agroforestry project in two communities.  A team is preparing the ground at two churches to set up demonstration sites and in March when the dry season finishes, trees will be planted and the work will begin.

In **India**, BMS mission worker, Ben Francis works with people in Odisha and West Bengal who live in villages only accessible by boat.  With no transport running from the cities, there was no way to bring food in.  It wasn’t Coronavirus that was killing people, it was starvation.  For many people it seemed there was no hope but through BMS’s Coronavirus appeal they were able to help towards the distribution of over 28,000 food parcels and Ben and the team could bring life-saving food to families in desperate need.  Ben is an amazingly enthusiastic evangelist who usually takes every opportunity to share the Gospel but he said this time he didn’t want to use this opportunity to preach.  He felt God was just asking him to provide physical necessities like food and medicine.  It wasn’t long, however, before he realised that the love of God was just what people wanted.  God opened doors like never before and people who had never wanted to hear the Word of God were listening to Ben’s testimony and asking for prayer.  A lot of new people have come to the Lord, and now have hope.’

As a Baptist Church, our fellowship has supported this work for many years.  We have supported their Harvest Appeal, and Relief Fund, and some individuals within the fellowship give a gift on their birthday to the Birthday Scheme, others still use the ‘globe’ collecting boxes, several receive the excellent ‘Engage’ magazine, and we have two ‘link’ missionaries working in Peru.  Some of their recent news follows:-

**Daniel and Regiane Clark** are now on Home Assignment in the U.K.  As there were no direct flights between UK and Peru they decided to travel through Brazil and take the opportunity to visit Regiane’s family. With the new variant emerging in the UK, Brazil suspended flights arriving from the U.K.  then with a new Brazilian variant, the U.K. banned all direct flights from South America.  Eventually after Covid-19 tests, and international certificates, a new route was found through Paris   After even more confusion about quarantine in hotels, and hours of sorting out what was to happen, eventually they arrived.  Home Assignment will be different with church visits done virtually.  They pray that their return to Peru in May may be ‘nice and boring’, although Peruvian borders are currently closed to Europe.

**Laura-Lee Lovering** is hoping to be in the U.K. for Home Assignment at the end of July.  Before that she is preparing to ‘finish well’ at the Nauta Training Centre where she has been very happy and spend a week in Piura at the end of March in preparation for moving there on her return to Peru from the U.K.   In Piura, a city on the Peruvian costal desert plain, she will be involved in implementing BMS’s Organisational Environmental Policy, but doing it from Peru.  She would really value our prayers.

You can read the full letters from the Clarks and Laura-Lee on the notice board in the church hall.

Commit message:

Mar Mid Month Update
Mission update
Book Review
Home Page Update

_missions/bms.md, after:

---
title:  "Baptist Missionary Society (BMS)"
link: 'https://bmsworldmission.org '
logo: ''
country: 'PE,UG,IN'
date: 2021-04-21
---
‘BMS works among some of the most marginalised and least evangelised people, in some of the most fragile places on earth.  They aim to bring life in all its fullness through 7 key ministries: church, development, education, health, justice, leadership and relief’.

BMS is part of The People’s Vaccine Alliance campaign, which is seeking intellectual property waivers on the Covid-19 vaccines which would mean vaccines can be manufactured across the world. Doctors, Andrea and Mark Hotchin, who provide vital healthcare in Bardai in Chad say that ‘for rich nations it is unthinkable that this should be proposed, it is apparently just not the way our world works’.  But as they say ‘it doesn’t have to be like this’.  Rachel Conway-Dael is BMS’ Overseas Team for Relief but is also a trained vaccinator in the UK.   She says this campaign aligns with the BMS petition for a Covid-free world.

Most people in the UK feel instinctively that vaccines are safe – but around the world,  in many contexts hesitancy is grounded in culture and history. 

Our own link missionaries, **Daniel and Regiane Clark** (who are now on Home Assignment) tell us that since the pandemic started in March 2020, lockdown was very strict for Peruvians.  The army was patrolling the streets and you couldn’t go out. It was especially hard for the 70% of the population who are informal workers who work out in the streets.  Most people who were becoming ill with the virus were dying at home.  They preferred to stay at home and be treated with natural medicines and by relatives and the hospitals did not have spaces.   Most people wanted the vaccine but there was information in Peru and other South American countries confusing people telling them the side effects and other diseases the vaccine would cause were worse than the virus itself.   Daniel and Regiane were involved in seminars and workshops seeking to debunk myths and reinforce good health strategies and seeking to make just access to the Covid vaccine a reality.

**Laura-Lee Lovering** Laura tells us the folks at Nauta Training Centre have been afflicted with increasingly frequent power cuts over the last few months.   She was writing the newsletter on paper to conserve her laptop battery as the current cut had already lasted 6 days!  No electricity also meant the recipients of the community water project also meant no water.  Restrictions had tightened again meaning the river trip for th3e field conference had to be cancelled, but ironically she was able to fly to Piura for her trip to meet the folks she will be working wi8th when she returned from Home Assignment.  Piura is so different from Nauta, on Peru’s northern coastal desert plain.  Whilst she is sad to leave the jungle, she is excited by the new possibilities for ministry in Piura, particularly amongst the church’s many annexes out in the rural villages.  Please pray for her as she looks forward to seeing her family in the UK and then all that God has for her in her new role in Peru.

You can find out more about the Clarks and Laura-Lee on the notice board in the church hall.
